docs(Img): correct the docs about the role usage (#3595)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/elements/image.mdx

The image element associated with the class `dnb-img` does not have much opinionated styling. It exists more to have a future possibility to optimize and add features.

> The React image "element" (Img) does provide a `figure` element with an `img` element inside. This is mainly to support a `caption` text and a [Skeleton](/uilib/components/skeleton).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The React image "element" (Img) provides a `figure` element with an `img` element inside. This is mainly to support a `caption` text and a [Skeleton](/uilib/components/skeleton).
```

Should we maybe change "The React image element" to "The Eufemia image element" or is that silly? 😅
